yo guys what is up it is CP the one and
only master gamer and this is a first of
many dead space 3 videos that i will
have over the next week i'm loving the
game so far i'll have a first
impressions and uh i don't know it a
little bit after this video but i do
want to talk about this first because
it's a pretty big deal a lot of people
are talking about this right now and
that is the micro transactions that are
release day one of dead space 3 this is
day one of the game being released and
my goodness you can basically buy your
way to the ultra suit that is supposedly
after you play the game like three or
four times um it's crazy and I will also
say that if you have not bought in this
game brand new its EA so you got to pay
the 10 bucks to play online with
somebody and there's a few other perks I
guess of having an online pass that I
don't really know yet um you'll notice
that there are there one there's one
thing that I got from a pre-order from
gamestop so I think if you guys saw an
SMG that's from gamestop that's not I
obviously didn't pay extra for that but
it's crazy there's like a ultra weapon
and resource pack for two bucks
obviously you got the online pass which
is 999 you got the epic weapon and
resource pack for three bucks but
there's a bunch of bot ones like
capacity upgrade by personality pack um
crit for five bucks like this is nuts
it's absolutely crazy um what is what
are we doing with gaming now like ah i
don't know i don't know how i feel about
this I feel like you should play a game
and you should just have a good time and
a lot whatever you will mock you unlock
you know it shouldn't just be a free
pass but battlefield had the same thing
I mean you can unlock guns and stuff and
just buy packs so um I do understand for
somebody who's you know busy at work has
kids and wants to just get in with this
game and start beasting right away I get
it but what about the people that are
like you know I don't know playing it
through the third time just to get some
of this stuff kind of crazy oh there's a
sharpshooter pack there's a witness to
to the truth which I don't know what
that is um as crazy I think there's a
little 11 of these things so anyway
never eat soggy waffles let me know what
you guys think our microtransactions
ruining gaming or is it doesn't make it
actually better I don't know put the
comments in below never eat our waffles
love you guys I will talk to you later
commentaries gameplays and vlogs all are
found on cp's channel that you watch it
now but take the small disclaimer y'all
in danger you're now tuned in to the
monster game